Original tuple format <date, userID, artist, vinyl, genre, cost>

Top ten artists job
-------------------

1. Filter all the tuples for the specified date range 27/11/14 to 31/1/15
2. Map the remaining tuples to obtain tuples of the type <artist, cost>. We
   should have one tuple of this type for each sold record in the specified date
   range
3. Reduce the resulting tuples by artist, by adding up their costs. The result
   of this operation should be a list of tuples, one for each artist, containing
   the artist name and the revenue the artist generated in the specified date
   range.
4. Sort the resulting tuples in decreasing revenue order.
5. Take the first 10 tuples.

Revenue per hour job
--------------------

1. Filter all the tuples for 2014.
2. Map the remaining tuples to obtain tuples of the type <day, hour, cost>,
   where day and hour are just disambiguations of the original date attribute.
3. Reduce the remaining tuples by day and hour, by summing up the cost. The
   result of this operation should be a list of tuples, one for each day and
   hour if at least one record was sold at that hour in that day, and the
   revenue generated at that time (day-hour).

   (Example: let's say a year has 360 work days and the store is generally open
   for 12 hours per day and at least one record is sold per hour. That should
   add up something about 360 * 12 * 1 ~ 4320 tuples).
4. Map the resulting tuples to obtain tuples of the type <hour, revenue, 1>
5. Reduce the resulting tuples by hour, by summing up the revenues and 1s. The
   result of this operation should be a list of tuples, one per hour (or opening
   hour) containing the total revenue generated in that hour over the course of
   x days during 2014, where x is the last item of the tuple
   (<hour, totalRevenue, x>).
6. Map the resulting tuples by dividing totalRevenue/x. Note this is not a
   reduce operation since we are NOT combining tuples. We are just transforming
   the tuples by applying an operation over their attributes, which is exactly
   the nature of a map operation.
